hey what's up folks today's video was
sponsored by Nordby PA and please stick
around after the sketch to figure out
why I am dressed this way
[Music]
what are you doing huh maybe if I stay
completely still he won't be able to see
me are you just gonna stare at me you
see nothing no I'm looking right at you
dude tis but a dream pretty sure I'm
awake could you just wait until the
morning maybe I'm trying to get some
sleep of course my practice can wait for
you and your sleepy time thank you
like right now please Shh
is that Brahms Lullaby it'll all be over
soon come on man you don't think I'm
gonna fall
[Music]
wait wait no
so here to take your internet stuff my
internet stuff yeah man I'm gonna need
your bank account info photos if your
girlfriend and your HBO password cuz I
have some catching up to do huh okay
yeah you can have it I mean you just got
to go through that guy first what what
is that all that that's noord VPN he's
he's gonna make your job kind of
difficult sorry about that oh good
get my internet stuff whoops too slow
he's in France now what do you mean he's
in France
well Nord VPN has thousands of
high-speed servers in over 61 countries
so I could pretty much set him wherever
I want how was France well see even if
you do get to my internet stuff you're
not gonna be able to make sense of it
anyway because of the military-grade
encryption how do I get one of those you
can save 75% off a three-year plan if
you go to north VPN com / Daniel
pressure that would make your monthly
subscription to 99 so basically a cup of
coffee and also if you use the code
Daniel Thrasher then you get an extra
month free so that's pretty cool sorry
could you repeat that one more time I've
never seen anybody eat a croissant like
that okay go to Nord VPN comm / Daniel
Thrasher 75% off the three-year plan
just makes it $2.99 a month use my code
Daniel Thrasher to get an extra month
free got it yeah I got it cool no no
thanks
[Music]
I'm not gonna buy no the world is black
and white
[Music]